README.md, before:

# Azure AI CSP Boost Up Camp

Materials for Azure AI CSP Boost Up Camp on 9 Jan 2025.

## Agenda

| Timing| Topics | Duration |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10:00-10:10 | Welcome Speech | 10 min |
| 10:10-11:20 | Latest Updates on Azure AI, App & Data Services</BR>AI Design Customer Use Cases</BR>AI Adoption Strategies | 80 mins |
| 11:20-11:30 | Break  | 10 mins  |
| 11:30-12:30 | Selling Best Practices and Making the Case for Azure OpenAI Service</BR>Transaction Models for Azure OpenAI Service | 60 mins |
| 12:30-13:30 | Lunch Break | 60 mins |
| 13:30-14:15 | Overview on Azure AI, App and Data Services | 45 mins |
| 14:15-15:45 | Hands on Lab on Building an MVP AI App | 90 mins |
| 15:45-15:55 | Break | 10 mins |
| 15:55-17:00 | Solution Accelerators - per persona & per industry</BR>Implementation Considerations</BR>Evaluation Framework | 65 mins |

## Hands on Lab materials
1. [GitHub Models](/lab/01_github_models/)
2. [Assistant API](/lab/02_assistant_api/)
3. [Azure AI Agent](/lab/03_multi_ai_agent/)
4. [Multi AI Agent](https://github.com/kinfey/MultiAIAgent)

Commit message:

Add deck for Azure CSP Training

README.md, after:

# Azure AI CSP Boost Up Camp

Materials for Azure AI CSP Boost Up Camp on 9 Jan 2025.

## Workshop materials
Deck: [20250109 Azure CSP Training.pptx](/materials/20250109%20Azure%20CSP%20Training.pptx)

## Hands on Lab materials
1. [GitHub Models](/lab/01_github_models/)
2. [Assistant API](/lab/02_assistant_api/)
3. [Azure AI Agent](/lab/03_multi_ai_agent/)
        [Supported models](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/agents/concepts/model-region-support?tabs=python#azure-openai-models)
        For Azure AI Agent Service, need to run `az login --use-device-code` to login on terminal.
        If shows permission error on missing agent permission, add *Azure AI Developer* role to the user.
    
4. [Multi AI Agent](https://github.com/kinfey/MultiAIAgent)


## Agenda

| Timing| Topics | Duration |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10:00-10:10 | Welcome Speech | 10 min |
| 10:10-11:20 | Latest Updates on Azure AI, App & Data Services</BR>AI Design Customer Use Cases</BR>AI Adoption Strategies | 80 mins |
| 11:20-11:30 | Break  | 10 mins  |
| 11:30-12:30 | Selling Best Practices and Making the Case for Azure OpenAI Service</BR>Transaction Models for Azure OpenAI Service | 60 mins |
| 12:30-13:30 | Lunch Break | 60 mins |
| 13:30-14:15 | Overview on Azure AI, App and Data Services | 45 mins |
| 14:15-15:45 | Hands on Lab on Building an MVP AI App | 90 mins |
| 15:45-15:55 | Break | 10 mins |
| 15:55-17:00 | Solution Accelerators - per persona & per industry</BR>Implementation Considerations</BR>Evaluation Framework | 65 mins |
